# tos
// oh yeah i forgot this is my tos thing. sure, im updating it. 

//// TOS
I. INTRODUCTION
I.1 This is a "Term of Service" document for the purpose of giving more information to previous TOS stated in my card (https://4rtem1xcc.carrd.co/). Free to use for any other TOS inspirations/copy pastes. 
 
II. DEFINES.
II.1 Artist: "duzme", "octawave(浪)", "artemis" (https://guns.lol/dt0z)
II.2 Client(s)/Commissioner(s): Any type of commissioner(s).
   (a) Heavily restricted with commissioners under the age of 13.
   (b) Not necessary to provide legit, but recommended to.
   (c) Please read and follow III and IV during the commission, maintain composure and manners with the Artist themselves.
 
/// COMMISSIONERS.
III. PROCESS, USAGES, POSESSIONS.
  (*) PROCESS: 5 STAGES: PLANNING/SKETCHING/FLATCOLOR/RENDER/FINISH
     - The artist must begin the commission once you have paid (50%) of the price after 5-8 hours, not longer than a day. (noted that begins here means the artist is starting on Stage 1: Planning.)
     - There are 2 Stages that you could ask for demo being: Sketching and Flatcolor. (There should be no exceptions.)
     - At the end of the Stage, Artist will announce you that the commission is finished, and the full price should be paid before sending the final product.
III.1 You must not be under anonymity, or hiding your presence during the process of commissioning the artist.
   (a) Being under anonymity in this situation is defined as using an account, or a third service party that does not allow the artist to recognize your identity.
   (b) Being in presence does not mean the artist have the rights to post the identity of yours within the commission without your consent, unless it is for displays (artbook, commission displays etc...)
III.2 You should not ask about the artist's personal information during the process of commissioning.
III.3 Artist could reject your commission before confirming.
   (a) While artists could reject the commission only before confirming that they will do it, it is not possible to cancel once they agreed, for both parties (Artists and Commissioner(s))
III.4 You should pay in the currency/service that the artist asked you to.
   (a) Whether linked in the artist's bio or not, it is important to ask for payment method when you are paying.
   (b) Artist will have to automatically ask you if the conversation regarding with commission does not involve with payment from the beginning.
   (c) In case commissioner(s) use other payment channels, The Artist will not have any responsibility to them.
   (d) Commissioner(s) should warrant that they have full authority and permission to use the payment methods with which they have/are about to make the transaction; and they also warrant that any payment information they use to make the transaction is true and accurate.
   (e) Unless the Artist has consented to making payments, then you are not allow to make any payment before receiving their consent.
III.5 Both parties have the rights to store messages datas if necessary to do so.
III.6 With usages, you understand that:
   (a) Comply with applicable copyright laws within the artist. You agree to not use the commission to purposes such as: Marketing, Profiting, AI Feeding (AI training), Product Commercialization, Personal/Public Portfolio Displays, NFTs, Print on Demands (PODs), Modifying (Customize) Any final products, Public Ownership.
   (b) If you have complied to (a), Personal Ownership, Intellectual Property all belongs to the commissioner(s) unless commissioner has not state their demands in the process.
   (c) The artist have the rights to remove any commission(s) belong to them on their Portfolio.
   (d) All of the ideas generated by the Artist during Commissioners' process is the sole property of the Artist; accordingly, The Artist has the full right to store, use and process the commission they are using, except in cases where there are separate provisions for each type of commission(s).
III.7 You must not cancel any commissions once confirmed (III.3(a)).
IV. ADDITIONAL.
IV.1 Commissioners' right to use the Service will be terminated as provided in these Terms of Use or if they fail to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use or the Rules of the Service they are using.
IV.2 These Terms of Use are effective from the date posted until superseded or terminated in writing and supersede all previous Terms of Use. (If there are any conflict between these Terms of Use and the old Term of Use, this copy will be prioritized).
IV.3 On the event where the commissioner(s) is(are) heavily forced to temporarily cancel the commission(**), any remaining property shall remain binding upon the Commissioner and the Artist.  
  (a) It should be clear that you WILL not cancel the commission (III.7).
IV.4 You clearly understand and agree that, in order to enhance the security and safety of the Service, The Artist have all the rights to place as much copyrights materials into their work in Stages demos.
IV.5 For underaged commissioner(s), there should be allowance of using payment, whether or not, The Artist DOES NOT take any responsibility in such matters.
  (a) There should not be any explicit/exotic/NSFW/fetishes contents commissioned from commissioners of such ages.
 
/// ARTIST.
V. MANNER, BEHAVIOR.
V.1 Both parties should display respects and professionally executes under any circumstances.
 (a) No matter ethnicity, popularity, political ideal or any other factors, treat both parties as neutral.
V.2 There should not be any conflicts if both Artist and Commissioner(s) follow (III) and (IV).
 (a) In the case of it happening, Artists or Commissioners are allowed to act out manner and resolve the problem quickly.
 (b) This term is listed in (**)
 
VI. DATES 
VI.1 Artist must comply to the Commissioners' dates (deadlines).
 (a) Unless real life matters, Artist must inform Commissioner and estimate how long the commission will be delayed.
 
(**): With cancelling the commission, there should be situations as:
 (1) Real life (IRL) matters. (Health Matters, Mental Health(MH), Political Situations.) 
Otherwise, (IV.3) is labelled as temporary cancellation.
 
EDITED 06.05.2025 - // 𖤐 // 

